##### Key Events That Happened
They party checked to be sure there was no more ghouls up top in the subway.
The sergeant suggested the party go to Lexington where it is overrun with Ghouls and raiders from the nearby corvega factory.
He confirms with Austin that his mercenaries will clear a path to Diamond City almost indiscriminately if needed.
Doc decides to stay with her patient untill later.
The party then heads back to the Crossroads community discussing future plans about how to not be a dictator.
On the way in Edvin notices birds in the trees of the community.
Guy starts buddying up with many vault dwellers and checking in with them, one of which states they need better defences and using old cars, planes, etc. They can make better walls. He says great idea and to take his robot and a crew and to start working on that.
The mechanic robot has 1 day left before fully hacked.
The mechanics from arturros are coming today.
Edvin checks out the community and talks to a vault dweller named Gretchen about where they are from and she pities the fool hehehehe MR T reference.
Mann does not do much

Before evening the 4 wastelanders that the party saved show up starved and dehydrated, austin puts them into a place of their own and has a vault dweller keep an eye on them.

In the morning before heading out Edvin decides to get some apples from Gretchin for his Junk Jet
They head out to Diamon City to sell and stock up on supplies

In Diamond City

Austin trades
James repairs a sniper 
Chris heads to the bar for info


Austin finds out for plasma rounds he best look at old military or scientific locations. For syringer components he can make them from items in the wasteland. For Flamer Fuel he might head to Saugus Ironworks where the raiders specialize and horde it.

Chris meets Vadim and tells him his story and Chris gets info about Vault 81 for trading and maybe info on other Vaults, he suggests maybe going to a Vault-tec headquarters if he really wants info.

Austin also learns about Vault 81 which he may need for supplementary food if he keeps expanding the community

##### Encounters
They encounter 3 wastelanders who try to shoot them crossing the bridge missing, so they dispatch the one on the ground and convince the other 2 to join the community as combat support.

The second encounter is a ghoul salesman offering a pristine sugar bombs austin haggles him down to 20 caps and then gives it to the Diamond City guards


##### Story Beats Met



##### Story Beats To Do



##### Key NPC's Met



##### Locations Uncovered/Need to be Explored



##### Map Location Notes Created

